After escaping from the port, Morguin and Titi got on a boat to flee wherever the waves would take them.

After three days of travel, they reached a strangely vibrant island in the Lily Islands.

Unlike their native lands, this place was full of trees and plants all over the ground.

This was a jungle and rainforest, brought to tis current state by some magical force keeping the land warm.

Morguin: What is this place?

Titi: Are you not familiar with the spell of the Lily Islands?

Morguin: I new it was a warm land, yet how could a place on this Earth support such biodiversity.

Titi: The spell is strong yet fragile. King Krow is threatening to break it. He probably won't, it would remove his economic benefit upon taking the Island.

Morguin quickly finds some vine-covered steps. Some frogs walk on the steps.

Morguin: What is that?

Titi: Random.

Morguin: What?

Titi: The frogs like randomness, so they named their capital Random. According to thm, it was just randomly named.

Morguin: Weird.

They go to the steps, finding a series of marble and wooden homes filling a bustling city. They had reached Random, and the president's palace was in sight.

They go up Random hill to reach the palace. They find President Froggy.

Froggy: I think you can randomly come up here, strange afari.

Morguin (to Titi): What is an Afari?

Titi (to Morguin): The frogs call non-frogs afari. The singular form is afar.

Morguin (to Titi): Right.

Morguin: We come, president.

Froggy: My name was randomly chose to be Forggy, but you may call me in any random way.

Morguin: Right, Froggy.

Froggy: Anything ot say?

Morguin: Umm... no.

A fire is seen in the distance.

Froggy: Who made that fire? (points to his left)

Morguin: Not us.

Some seals are found bruning nearby houses and destroying structures.

Froggy's army starts to rnadomly appear one by one.

Froggy: Hey, my army is a bit random in their strategy. I randomly choose that you kill those seals.

Titi: We were going to Anura...

Froggy: Follow my orders! I am going to the depths of the castle. Guards, guard this place and random times.

You must follow Froggy. You find a soldier to attack.
