You walk for days towards the cold north with Titi, stopping at a few villages and towns to pack for the journey.

You stay in several of these villages from mutliple days tor recover from the harsh lands outside.

The army you had amassed is now mostly at the village of Kaudi, barely a few kilometers from Pinniped.

Soldier Takataka: I think we have to stay here another day. The guards have started to defend the outer regions of the city better, and now we have to pack to go through the nearby hill.

Morguin: How much do we need to pack?

Soldier Takataka: I'm not sure.

Morguin goes to sleep.

The next day you scale the hilland find the city, with Castle Salvoneska visible in another large hill in the distance.

You are exhausted and decide that you will need to spend at least a night hiding in the outskirts of the city.

The frogs you brought with you are even more impressed at the cold after having spent their life such a hot, humid climate.

You reach a few local places to sleep for a night, and pack some water from the well.

After a good sleep, it is time to take down the castle.

Scaling the hill and removing the guards is not efficient here, yet a lot of observation, guessing and rumors have given you an idea of the Castle's flaws.

There appears to be a nearby tunnel from behind the hill that can lead you into the soldier's homes.

Morguin: Where is this tunnel?

Titi: I can assure you it exists.

Soon you find an unguarded entrance.

Through the hole tunnel only a few guards are found.

It would appear this tunnel is an escape route for the people within and likely a secret point to amass resources from in a siege.

It would also appear to be connected to a supply of relatively pure water.

The frogs seem more accustomed to this than the outside lands, yet it still either too hot in the depths of the tunnel or a little cold elsewhere.

Soon you manage to pass from the soldier's homes and the storage units to the king's rooms.

Many guards attempt to stop you on the way, yet far fewer obstacles exist from within the castle.

Morguin: I think we reached the king's rooms.

The king appears to try to attak you.

Now is the time to kill the king.