There appears to be a seal warrior claiming to be from the Seal Kingdom that is ravaging the peaceful countryside of Penguinia.

Morguin  walked away with the seal.

Morguin: Hello. What is your name?

Titi: Titi. I am going to the north, to Rivarato.

Morguin: Where is that?

Titi: A small village to the north of Forsteri. It is not that far.

Morguin: Do you live there?

Titi: No. I'm not telling you were I live.

Morguin: Well I'm going with you then.

Titi: So you just defended me from being questioned and now you decide to follow me without consent?

Morguin: I am going to the north.

Titi: But you do not know if Rivarato is on your path.

Morguin: So tell me. How do I get to the coast?

Titi: There are many ways to  get to the coast. Crossing Rivareato is only one of them.

Morguin: Well I am still curious to see Rivarato.

Titi: I need to see Rivarato. I have an emergency there.

Morguin: What kind of emergency?

Titi: The kind I cannot tell you.

Morguin: Why not?

Titi: Stop following me.

Morguin: Is there anything to see in Rivarato?

Titi: An icy lake. Fiserpenguins. Fisherseals. A cave. Houses. All the usual things in the countryside.

Morguin: So it's a fishing village. Sounds exciting.

Titi: I told you, stop following me.

Morguin: But I don't know how to get to Rivarato.

Titi: You don't.

Morguin: I'm already out of the city. I have no idea where I'm going.

Titi: Go back. First left. Third right First Left. Walk until the end of the road. Turn right. You will be in fornt of the Temple again.

Morguin: That was a lot of instructions.

Titi: Now follow them. Bye!

Morguin: I may have forgotten a few of them. At the start do I have to go for the first or second left turn?

Titi: Just go and ask someone else if you forgot.

They reach the gates of Rivarato

Morguin: I think we're already at Rivarato.

Titi: Congratulations. You manage to disturb my privacy for long enough to reach your destination. Can you stop now.

Warrior Fafa: We are actually taking Rivarato now. Get away.

Morguin: What are you doing here? What are you taking?

Warrior Fafa: The village. And its gold.

Titi: Actually, I would like to come in.

Morguin: So would I.

Morguin runs past the warrior and into the village. There appear to be no other seals for now.

Next to the beautiful icy lake of Naiga, Morguin finds a statue of the founder of the village: Kushiro I.

Morguin: Oh! This statue is beautiful!

Warrior Fafa: Get back!

Warrior Fafa begins the attack against Morguin.
