A priest has warned you of a violent seal intruder in the Grand Temple of Forsteri.

Priest Kalara: Morguin! I am afraid the temple is not available today. An intruder has arrived. He is a seal.

Morguin: Then I shall investigate.

Priest Kalara: You are not an investigator. You are a sculptor.

Morguin: I am also an underpriest. I work here and have the right to investigate myself. Why would this intruder be so menacing?

Priest Kalara: You know very well that we are under risk of war. These orders are from the queen. Only the highest priests are allowed here.

Morguin: You know very well that I oppose the queen. In the olden days we had seals come here every day.

Priest Kalara: The seal is armed.

Morguin: I am armed.

Morguin draws their long knive and points it towards Kalara.

Priest Kalara: You may come in.

Upon entering the grand, golden and sivler temple with marble collumns Morguin is confused as to where the intruder is located in.

They quickly find an unramed seal and a group of scared penguins all being interrogated, especially the seal.

Morguin: What is going on here? Is this the intruder? The priest from before told me the intruder is armed.

Priest Komichi: The intruder is in the upper floor. You know that seals that are found near an possibly illegal incident are suspects by law.

Morguin: Stop treating me as though I do not know the laws of this country. I do not follow law.

Priest Komichi: That is another crime whcih I will be reoprting. You are accused of hundreds of crimes. I have no idea why you keep doing them.

Morguin: Because I am a wealthy penguin associated with the RRO(royal religous organization), and therefore all my sentences are tiny fines and rpisons which I can easily escape via wealth, unlike the seals.

Priest Komichi: If you are not a seal, why would you defend a seal?

Morguin: I defend myself. Defending the seals is a part of that. A sane society requires equality. If these are the seals, then soon there is an excuse to put me under trouble.

Priest Komichi: And why precisely would that happen?

Morguin: I am what you hate. A rebel. I have no identity with the nation or gender or the social implications of species and religion. I am silently punished for removing the confines that punished me before.

Priest Komichi: You are not punished and had no reason to be punished before.

Morguin: No. I didn't. But I was. Why? Because I came from the north? Thayt was their excuse. It was all propaganda.

Priest Komichi: The seal is coming down.

A seal approaches with a sword. Morguin took his sword.

Armed Seal: What are you doing?

Morguin: What are your intentions?

Armed Seal: I have orders to rid this place of its priests and shrines. I may not say where those orders came from.

Morguin: You and Komichi must now go to the hands of death.

Morguin begin by beheading Komichi. Yet the seal fight proves to be a little harder.
